doc(http): remove IsRoute trait from custom route docs (#48)
tempestphp/tempest-docs: app/Front/Docs/Content/framework/03-controllers.md

## Custom Routes

> Thanks to `Route` interface, you can make your own, custom route attribute. These custom route classes can be used to make route groups that add middleware, do authorization checks, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the `Route` interface, you can make your own route attributes. These custom route classes can be used to make route groups that add middleware, do authorization checks, etc.
```
